##Vision

###Introduction

We envision a flexible and easy to administrate application devoted to the health monitoring of individuals or patients. The application shall support a large number of patients, many doctors can use simulatneously the system, and a single administrator administrates the system. The administrator is not a doctor. Usually doctors work in the same building and share some devices for the heath monitoring that are stored in a given room.

###Problem Statement

A company has developed an electronic device that allows doctors to monitor remotely the temperature of some of their patients. This device measures on a regular basis the body temperature of a patient and transmits the measure, the date and time of each measurement. The device is embedded on a patient during a given observation period, which lasts from a few days to a few weeks. The patient carries such a device 24 hours, can go home and go to work while the device operates. After an observation period a device is returned and can be assigned to another patient. A simple application is needed to store the measurements performed by various devices assigned to the patients. Such an application allows a doctor to consult for a given period the temperatures of a patient he/she treats.

The administrator is in charge of creating an account for each doctor because many doctors can use the application. The password is automatically generated by the system. The system sends automatically an email to the doctor via an email server. The email contains a password and an activation code (also generated automatically) or activation link that is used only once during the authentication phase. During the authentication phase the system detects that the account in not activated yet; the doctor must first activate it by entering its activation code or using the activation link. If the account is already activated the activation process is skipped. Once activated the user must authenticate himself/herself by means of its email address (identifier) and its personal password.

A doctor records each patient only once and, for a sake of simplicity, a patient is treated by only one doctor. A doctor can query the system to determine all the observation periods for a given patient that he/she treats.

For each observation period for a patient the doctor must enter:

1. which device is assigned to which patient;

2. the beginning and the end of the desired observation period;

3. the frequency to which the measurements have to be performed.

The system verifies that all the provided values are coherent, in particular that the device is not already in use.

After this the system initializes the device assigned to the patient with the two data: 1) beginning and end of observation period, 2) frequency of measures.

The application collects the measures by means of a "Polling" technique, that is to say the application queries the remote device on a regular basis to obtain the last performed measures. Note that the device does not store any patient identifier.

The system should run on Unix/GNU-Linux as well as on Windows, internationalization is also a concern for this application.


###Stakeholder Descriptions and Positions

####Hôpital des Eaux-Vives (Product Owner)
- Description: As an integral part of the healthcare landscape, Hospital des Eaux-Vives fully meets the expectations of the population of Geneva. Together with the Oncology Centre, it is a multidisciplinary medical centre on the left bank of Geneva and has a total of 20 medical practices in a pleasant and welcoming environment.
- Contact Address: Hôpital des Eaux-Vives AG, Av. Pictet de Rochement 33, 1207 Geneva.
- Email: patient-monitoring@eaux-vives.com

####Prof. Dr. Biberstein Peter (Investor)
- Description: With more than 40 years of experience in the IT industry. Prof. Dr. Biberstein is a software engineering expert with experience in various industries such as aerospace, medicine, agriculture, etc. Today he passes on this valuable knowledge to the new generations at the Berner Fachochshule.
- Contact Address: Bernstrasse 214, 3052 Zollikofen.
- Email: biberstein@bfh.ch

####UBS (Banker / Product Owner):
- Description: UBS Group AG is a Swiss multinational investment bank and financial services company founded and based in Switzerland. Co-headquartered in the cities of Zurich and Basel, it maintains a presence in all major financial centers as the largest Swiss banking institution in the world. UBS client services are known for their strict bank–client confidentiality and culture of banking secrecy. The bank's large positions in the Americas, EMEA, and Asia Pacific markets make it a global systemically important financial institution.
- Contact Address: UBS Group AG	Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zürich.
- Email: info@innovation.ubs.com

####Andrea Bibonchello (Director / CEO / Product Owner):
- Description: Andrea is an American businesswoman and investor. She is an information technology executive, and co-founder of Lumi Labs. Mayer formerly served as the president and chief executive officer of Yahoo!, a position she held from July 2012.
- Contact Address: Genferstrasse 27, 80012 Zürich.
- Email: bibochello@patient-monitoring.com

####Association Suisse du Froid Suisse (Investor / Product Owner)
- Description: The purpose of the Association is to promote relations between its members, as well as their cooperation. It represents refrigeration technology to the public and public authorities and defends the interests of the profession and the profession practised by its nationals.
- Contact Address: Association Suisse du Froid Section Romande. Route du Lac 2 ,1094 Paudex
- Email: info@asf-froid.ch
